This some words I'm not allowed to say.
This [__] out here just saying
straight cat, but it's real. And I'm I'm
[__] dying reading this.
>> And I'm telling you, it happened
literally overnight.
>> Yeah.
>> You're like the most famous guy on the
internet now. I don't recognize your
normal voice. It's killing me.
>> I know, right?
>> I don't know how this happened.
It just happened. Like literally
overnight. It just happened.
Can we pull up the latest one that we
put up, Deie? Yeah.
>> Let's get John's live reaction. So, when
this was happening, when you and I did
episodes 278 and 279 together, which was
a year ago,
>> I remember this was probably like an
hour 20ome minutes into the first
episode, and I remember this whole
Lincoln thing coming up out of nowhere.
My god, this is cool. He's a Lincoln
collector. And then you look at me with
a dead straight face, and you're like,
yeah, I was trying to buy Lincoln's last
turd. And I at the time we had Allessie
in the studio and I'm I'm I'm like
turning to Allessie like this this
[__] get the series
>> and then you're like oh yeah I was
trying to buy it. So when this all
started to break like Danny on on our
editing team and and I were were looking
at stuff I'm like you got to make the
Lincoln [__] star. So he he did. Let's
run it.
>> Can people see this Steve?
>> Yeah.
>> All right let's roll.
>> Show museum.
>> And it was a museum of circus freak
shows from the 1800s and stuff that had
been in these circus side shows. They
have a shadow box hanging on the wall
and there's a
>> dried out turd.
>> And it says it's
>> Abraham Lincoln's final turd.
>> Come on. So it says on the card it said
when he arrived at Ford's theater he had
to drop a deuce. And so before he got
seated he went to the men's room
>> and he dropped a deuce in the chamber
pod
>> and then he went back to watch the play
>> and he got shot.
>> So he had the presence in mind
>> and they say presence of mind
>> for the sickness.
>> Well,
>> but there are a lot of linking clicks.
I see an article in the Washington Post
about 6 months later saying it's going
out of business and they're going to
auction everything off. So I told my
wife,
>> I'm buying that tur.
>> She's like,
>> "Oh, no you're not."
>> I said, "Oh yes, I am. I'm buying that
tur."
>> My wife and I actually have strong
disagreements about this. I go to the
auction and I
>> I talk about at 1,200. It ends up going
for 5 grand. So the guy that ended up
buying it sends it to some company for a
DNA sample. And what they found was it
had like microscopic bits of a neco
wafer in it. But NEC wafers weren't
invented until 1880.
>> It wasn't a [__] It wasn't his. Some
random guy's turn
$5,000
for
>> That is one of my better stories. Oh my
god. Are you familiar with Black Twitter
at all?
>> No.
>> Oh, you're not? You need to familiarize
yourself. They love you.
Yo, this [__] John crazy. Yo,
this some words I'm not allowed to say.
This [__] out here just saying
straight cat, but it's real.
>> And I'm I'm [__] dying reading this.
>> And I'm telling you, it happened
literally overnight.
>> Yeah.
>> And I don't understand why.
>> I know you don't. I mean, you're like,
for people that don't know you
personally, which is pretty much
everyone out there listening, like
you've lived this amazing life and done
all all these incredible things or
whatever, but it's always funny to talk
to you like about content cuz you're
like, "Oh, was that good?" I'm like,
"Yeah, John, like 15 million views on
something's really good." And you're
like, "Okay." And you leave
>> and we're just like, "You know what?
You're happy as a clam. We'll keep it
that way."
>> And you know, some crazy stuff has
happened since I saw you last. I've got
this great friend, Tyrell Vanto, Jesse
Vanto's son. Ty is one of the sweetest
men I've ever I've ever met. He's just a
really good-hearted, kind guy. What's
up, guys? Three quick things. Number
one, if you have not already subscribed,
please hit that subscribe button. It is
a huge, huge help. Number two, if you'd
like to join my Patreon for early
uncensored releases of these episodes,
you can join via the link in my
description or my pin comment. And
number three, if you'd like to join my
clipping community for a chance to edit
clips from the show and make money, you
can join via the Discord link in my
description below. And he calls me one
night in July.
And uh and he says uh he wrote a movie
and Tai's Tai's a Hollywood guy. He's
he's done a lot in in film. He wrote
this movie. I was like, "Oh, that's
cool. Good for you." And he said, "Well,
you know, it's going to be this is the
story." I was like, "Yeah, that actually
sounds like a compelling story line."
And I'm thinking, "Why is he telling me
this? I'm happy for him. He's going to
write this movie." And he said, "Uh,
you're going to be in my movie." And I
said, "Oh, thank you. No, no, no. I'm
not interested." I said, "Listen, I'll
be stiff and uh unconvincing. I would be
a terrible actor. I've never acted
before and I would wreck your movie."
And he said, 'Well, I thought of that
and I thought you've been you acted
every day of your career when you were
with the CIA. I said, 'Well, that's
actually that's actually true. And he
said, so I wrote the part specifically
for you and you're going to be in the
movie. So, I went to Mexico for the
whole month of October.
>> Wow.
>> And we filmed this movie and I'm very
proud to say that I am now a member of
the Screen Actors Guild.
>> Oh, you're in SAG now.
That's not suspicious at all. I'm a CIA
guy in SAG.
>> I'm also now a professional Hollywood
actor.
>> Were you Did you feel like you were good
at it when you were doing it? I feel
like you're a natural.
>> No, I listen. Everybody around me,
everybody else in the film was
incredible. Like I would stand there
just off camera watching them in awe of
their ability to do this over and over
and over again. scene. We would do each
scene eight, 10, 12 times
>> and they were so good. And they've all
been in stuff. They've all been in
movies and TV series and all kinds of
stuff. And then the star of the movie is
a a a really great guy, very generous
with his time and his advice. Uh Jeff
Fehee,
>> I really hit it off with him.
He would stand just off camera and
whisper directions to me and it made me
like I guess believable enough that I
didn't make an ass of myself in this
movie. So we watched the first cut a
couple of Saturdays ago
>> and I was like this movie's actually
good.
>> Like I would go to the theater to watch
it.
>> What's What's it about? It's about the
richest guy in the world who's a cross
between Elon Musk and um and uh Eric
Prince and
he has a son who has become his daughter
and so they're estranged and he hasn't
told anybody but he's dying of liver
cancer
>> and so he invites the the country's
preeminent
lefty podcaster and the country's
pre-minent righty podcaster to come and
he's going to tell his story for the
first time and then they sort of are
competing with one another how they're
going to shape the story. One falls
apart, the other one gets it done and
then I'm the director of the guy's
security detail. Uh former CIA ops
officer.
>> Oh, right on Q. There you go. But you
had to play a bit of a tough guy, right?
>> Yeah, I had to play an [__] The guy
was an [__]
>> and a liar.
>> You couldn't play that? I was in a
dumpster all night.
That's another one is making the rounds.
Do I smell like I've been with a woman
>> and then the best is they switch it back
and your voice like we later got
divorced
[__] let Oh my god. Oh c.
>> Oh well that's very good. I'm I'm glad
you're in SAG now. So I just add it to
the resume. Right.
>> Last night I cast my votes for the SAG
awards now. Now now called the actor
awards.
>> Excellent.
>> I took it very seriously. They they they
send everybody there like, you know, 50
million people that are in the SAG, so
it it's not like, you know, this was
anything necessarily special. It was for
me. So, they send you the list of
nominees. They send you links to every
one of the movies and the TV series. I
watched every last one of them
>> and I cast educated votes.
>> Good for you, John. Someone's taking it
seriously. They need your type in there.
>> That's right.
>> Thank you guys for watching the episode.
If you haven't already, please hit that
subscribe button and smash that like
button on the video. They're both a
huge, huge help. And if you would like
to follow me on Instagram and X, those
links are in my description below.